Add blog: Event Wrap-Up: First Tokyo Local Meetup in CNCF Cloud Native Sustainability Week 2024 (#548)
cncf/tag-env-sustainability: website/content/en/blog/2024-10-cloud-native-sustainability-week-tokyo.md

![Sato Kenta](/images/blogs/2024-10-cloud-native-sutainability-week-tokyo/keynote1.jpg) | ![Hidetsugu Sugiyama](/images/blogs/2024-10-cloud-native-sutainability-week-tokyo/keynote2.jpg) | ![Yasumasa Suenaga](/images/blogs/2024-10-cloud-native-sutainability-week-tokyo/keynote3.jpg) |
|---|---|---|

## Lightning Talks 
After an hour of keynotes, we’ll pick up the pace with some dynamic moments featuring 3-minute lightning talks packed with impactful content. We have three speakers, *Scott Trent*, *Akiho Miyamura*, and *Ohri Yamaguchi*. 

Scott introduced the [SusQL operator](https://github.com/sustainable-computing-io/susql-operator/tree/main), of which he is a top contributor. SusQL integrates together with the energy metric collectors like Kepler and carbon emission API like Carbon Aware SDK to aggregate energy consumption and carbon emissions for user-specified workloads, particularly in AI model training. 

> Akiho showcased how to use [Kepler](https://github.com/sustainable-computing-io/kepler) to monitor the energy consumption of local large language models on Kubernetes. His findings revealed that Llama 3.2B actually consumes more energy than Gemma2 9B when processing the same prompt, highlighting some surprising trends in energy usage among different models. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Akiho showcased how to use [Kepler](https://github.com/sustainable-computing-io/kepler) to monitor the energy consumption of local large language models on Kubernetes. His findings revealed that Llama 3.2B actually consumes more energy than Gemma 2.9B when processing the same prompt, highlighting some surprising trends in energy usage among different models. 
```
